# CollegeBaseball_Projection_DataBase
Using Division 1 Stats to forecast minor league performance
This project gives you the tools to create your own college database which can be used for predictive purposes. My finished product was an algorithm that predicted minor league hitting performance based on college hitting performance. Chadwick Bureau's Database is a great starting point and is ideal for this
project. Once downloaded these programs will append each drafted college player's minor league stats to his college stats from the database which can be used to train an algorithm to predict minor league performance from college performance. 

1) First use retrieve_BR.py and run get_BR_list with https://raw.githubusercontent.com/chadwickbureau/register/master/data/people.csv as the input. Then run the output of this function on get_BR_Dic which will give you all of the baseball reference keys for each desired college player. Finally, run bref on the output from get_BR_list along with the baseball reference keys. Your output will be a table with a college players stats along with their baseball reference ID which can then be used to scrape their minor league hitting stats.
2) Take the database you created from step 1 and first run return_key_list with this database as input. The output of this function will be a list of baseball reference keys. Run Pro_WOBA_Data_by_key with the database and this key list as output. This function should return a table with a college players name, college stats, and minor league total weighted on base percentage. 
3) Database can now be used to construct an algorithm which makes prediction about a players minor league performance based on their college performance. If interested, the Strength of Schedule tables can also be used to make this algorithm consider a college players strength of schedule as well.
